My attitude is not the problem your's is!
What you can't report me to the company commander. That's not fair!
No I don't trust a green like you to relay all of my business to
I'm not a failure as a leader. You are!
I don't need you reprimanding me I know how to do my job and keep my troopers in shape. 
I refused to be counseled by you. You don't know the first thing about leadership
I didn't threaten him. He had a reprimanding coming his way. 
Me suspended? I am your best NCO and you KNOW it!
I don't need anyone's help. I've got this.
Well so far I'm doing and the teaching and you're doing nothing but complaining.
The difference is that I'm a good leader and he's a solider who needs to get in shape fast, or he's out!
I am stand-up leader and solider; I refuse to be sent home!
You are a sorry leader with no compassion for your subordinates!
Yes, you've made yourself clear, but your breath stinks! stop yelling at me.
You can't do that! I've earned every sent in my pay and I refuse to let it be docked off by the likes of you!
Well then don't stay out of my way and out of my business. I know what I am doing.
He will by the time I am done with him. Get out of my way and let me handle this
I am not harassing them, I am teaching them. Something you wouldn't know anything about.
You! You can't teach me anything. You're a sorry leader and spouse yourself, the blind leading the blind. 
Get my stuff? together I know how to do my job sir. I do a mighty good job at it.
How could you acuse me of domestic violence towards my wife? I am a loving husband. These sorry subordinates around here don't know NOTHING.
Man you don't know anythign about my life. Stay out of my business.
 i earned every bit of rank to my name. I won't let you take it away!
How can you call me a failure. what a pathetic leader you are.
Is that all you have to say? I just opened up my whole life to you. Thanks alot.
No one around here can replace me. I'm the best soldier you've got.
You idiotic leader! you have no right to call me out of my name
First of all don't start no problems, won't be no problems. I've got this.
Fire me! Are you crazy. I'm the best man you've got. 
No I will not apologize. He is an imbecile and deserve everything he got. 
Fine! well then stop calling me in here for useless counseling sessions you low-life.
The company commander has got nothing on me. I know what i am doing.
Well how would you know how a sqad leader should act. You are a piss poor leader yourself.
I will. He's a sorry soldier and deserves to be whipped into shape. I'll teach him.
I am not the idiot; you are all unqualified NCO's who don't deserve me
I am too good for these soliders and I am too good for this squad. You all don't deserve someone like me.
Next time you call me in here for this kind of counseling. I will be cursing you out. Just letting you know. 
What kind of man are you? The likes of you can't teach me nothing about man-hood.
Well why did you ask me then you sorry leader. stay out of my business and leave me to my job.
Well I got an idea about you myself. You can't tell me anything out life you sorry human being.
A counselor! Don't treat me like I am insane. I am in my right mind. the rest of you need counseling!
Stressed out? I am not stressed out you are!
Weren't they your responsiblity before you threw them onto me? No this is your fault!
How could you recommend divorce? What a sorry counselor you are?
Handled? Man you can't do anythign with me. I'll handle you.
Do you have a wife? You don't know anything about the responsibilities of marriage. So your advice is useless.
Home-spun bullshit. I'll show you some bullshit. Talk to me like that again.
The only one doing verbal harassment around here is you Sir!
You are incompetent sir. Don't tell me how to run my platoon. 
The Army doesn't deserve someone on my level. 
what can you tell me about leadership. I don't see you around here doing what I do. You are a sorry example. 
Are you call me a baby? You wuss. I am a gown ass man. 
What are you talking about? Stay out of my personal life. 
I don't deserve this. I am too good for you all!
Anger managment! I am not angry. I am one of the best leader's you've got. 
What a horrible example you are. That is no way to speak to one of your best men!
I am not using excuses! This is my life man. You know what stay out of it!
Oh hell no! youre not docking my pay. I've worked to hard for this. Bring on man I will take you to court.
You suck and you're a sorry excuse for an army leader. Don't you tell me how to do my job
You are not my therapist. You don't tell me how to handle my personal life.
No sir! You are the one providing an unacceptable example of leadership. I'm out of here.
You can't replace me. And if you do they'll never be as good as me.
How can you tell me about true leadership! Criticizing your subordinates every move is not a good example of leadership.
See this is why you're not marreid yourself! You have no idea how it works. Stay out of my marriage!
I AM  a better husband and leader than  you'll ever be
I don't need a day off you do.
I'll article 15 you if you try me again. I'm out of here.
What's unacceptable is your breath. Get out of my face!
Schmuck my ass. I'll show you!
It's not your job to enforce marriage counseling on you subordinates. I know more about marraige than all of your counselors combined.
Happy hour is the best hour for your information!
No it's a direct representation of your leadership!
How about I snatch you and show you how to talk to a stand up. Don't you call me a retard!
You can't discipline me I am nothing but a professional!
You will not reprimand me. I will reprimand you. 
No  I DON'T have to listen to you. I know more than you do about being an NCO. Don't question my knowledge.
You don't have a clue what leadership is all about. Let me go back and handle my squad. 
With the way you're talking to me. I'd like to see what your personal life looks like.  You're proably a low life outside of work too 
Your attitude stinks you're one of the worst leaders I've run across. I know what I am doing. 
This is not on me. I've been the best thing that's happened to this squad this is on you.
If you don't mind your own business. I'll be lashing out on you next.
Hey! I don't need you to tell me how to do my job. 
Hey! Don't get into my pesonal life. You don't know anything about my life.
Don't compare you problems to mine. You don't know anything about my life. 
Counsel me all day. Long you can't teach me anything I don't know. I'm out of here.
You get a handle SGT. Haven't you heard. No one thinks you're such a great leader around here either. 
Do you know my wife? Well, you don't know how innoncent she is or is not.
For you information, I am a professional!
Those soliders are a disgrace. Worry about that!
If you talk to me like that I am going to take you outside and show you waht true leadership is all about. 
You should be happy to have me as a squad leader. I am the only one keeping this platoon afloat. 
Why are you commenting on my personal life? That is unprofesisonal.
Back off man! I got this. 
I don't need a sorry SGT to save me. I'll save myself. 
Respect? Let me teach you a few things about respect, right outside. 
Wait are you accusing me of being an alcoholic?
Stay out of my marriage SGT!
Hold up, what are you doing snooping your nose in my marriage?
Hold up, are you accusing my wife. You don't even know her!
I am a grown man. I don't need you telling me how to run my life. 
I am a professional. You are a pathetic example yourself.
Get back you don't know me like that or my wife.
Don't you speak to me that way. I am a man of respect. 
Well then stay of my family business. You don't know nothing about work life balance.
Only the weak of hearet are unable to handle my heat. 
They had every bit of it coming to them. 
I am focused back up off of me.
Don't tell me about professionality. I know how to do my job. 
You can't and you won't dismiss me. 
You can't demote me!
Well then stop calling me in here for these pathetic conversations.
Hold up man. Back up off of my personal life!
I treat my wife with the utmost respect for your information.
They need a fire under their behinds.This platoon needs to straighten up around here.
Artifcle 15 my a** this platoon needs to straighten up quick, fast, and in a hurry
Since it's so private? Why are you commenting on it anyway. Get out of here with that!
You suck!
No you so called leader! It's a direct reflection on you not me. 
Can you provide a more acceptable example of leadership. Yeah that's what I thought. 
I am the best example of a leader this platoon has seen!
No! I won't do it.
I am the best asset to this team. 
No you don't. You're belittling me. You are a horrible leader yourself. 
Oh well, do you have a better way. That's what I thought. Back off.
No you're retarded, you idiot.
You are a retard!
I'll handle your ass if you talk to me like that again. 
Yeah you made yourself real clear! You're an idot.
My wife knows way more about manning up than you and your men!
I'll be your a pitiful family man yourself. Don't offer your advice. 
Don't talk about my wife that way!
I won't apologize!
You are stressing me out more!
none of your business!
I am not changing a thing. This squad needs a kick in the ass.
No I am done for the day. i'm over all of y'all. 
I am an exemplary professional. Don't question my authority
you know what. I feel bullied by you right now. i'm out of here.
First of all my wife has nothing to do with this. Your squad sucks. 
No I belong here just like everyone else. 
I will be reporting you too. I won't be the only one getting replaced around here.
There won't be a next time. I am getting transferred to another squad.
Why the fuck would you think it's okay to question my authority. I am the best leader you've ever had. 
you man up . You don't know the first thing about running a platoon. 
You can't fire me! this is the army sucker. 
I am a leader not a lazy bum like you. 
You weren't there. You don't know what he did. 
Don't accuse me of abuse!
What do you mean! I am being a good leader. Something you will never be. 
I'll teach you a bit about attitude. 