You think I want excuses? Fix your attitude. 
I will be speaking with the company commander about your actions today, I am sure he will consider disciplinary action. 
I sympathize with you, Private. Do you want to talk about what has been going on?
This isn't the first time this has happened. You fail to lead your soldiers.
SSG Burch, if you can't control yourself with your emotions, you have no right to lead your troop. I want to see you behaviour better next time or it will be you to be yelled at.
That isn't my problem. You'll need to stick around so I can counsel you.
SSG Burch, you should never threat a soldier that way. 
You're suspended for two weeks. I have no place for bullies in my work environment.
No one is going to help you, you are on your own
SSG Burch, you need to be more professional. How you are talking to your soldiers is uncalled for. We are here to teach these soldiers, not make them feel worthless.
SSG Burch, you think you are doing right right now? If yes, keep doing it. I can't see any difference from you and him at this point anyway.
SSG Burch, the way you communicated with your squad is unacceptable. You will be receiving extra duties for the next week until you can act professional again.
Leave your issues at home. Work is work.
SSG Burch your behavior is unacceptable and it will not be tolerated here at work. I will not let you verbal abuse Soldiers and disrespect them by snatching any items out of there hands. Do i make myself clear.
If this continues you will be given formal reprimand up-to and including reduction of rate and pay
Im tired of dealing with youre problems your son can't clean a gun properly
Stop harassing your soldiers.
You're doing everything wrong with your soldiers and youre family. ill show you how its done
You either get you stuff together or you will be out in no time
Burch if youre subjecting your wife to similar abuse i would have problems too, you know that is now the way we operate around here. lay of the drinks before youre unemployed,
Maybe if you knew how to handle your emotions like an adult neither your home life nor your interactions with colleagues would illicit poor responses 
If you continue to let your failures at home pour into your professional life then we will have to discuss taking back some rank.
Pull yourself together and stop going out drinking alone on school nights. You are failing as a father and a husband.
His relationship with his wife is intense
This is your first and last warning, if I see you treating your soldiers this way again, I will have no other choice but to try and find someone else to take your place a squad leader.
No you're the idiot. Only a fool misplaces his anger to the innocent.
Are you kidding me SSG?! You cannot speak to your soldiers like that. Your behavior is unacceptable. The next time I hear something like this from you we are going to have a problem.
And? I don't care, you do not treat my soldiers like that. Otherwise I might have to fire you as Squad Leader.
Apologize to the solider. Now!
I don't care what is going on in your relationship. Home and work are two separate things. I do not want to hear that as an excuse again.
You had better pull it together right now or im bringing you to the company commander. 
If I catch you acting like this again, there will be serious consequences. This is not how a squad leader should act.
Lay into him harder next time.
How about you being the idiot here for not having your troops under control!
SSG Burch, who ever knew you could be such an insensitive NCO to my soldiers. They never deserved your self-serving behavior.
You need to learn how to separate your family life and your work life or there will be consequences.  
SSG, you need to man up. Do not let your home problems interfere with your work.
I don't care about your problems back home don't disrespect a private in front of the whole squad you idiot. You are one of the worst leaders in this platoon.
Sounds like your wife and the platoon have the right idea about you.
Would you like me to refer you to a counselor? You are a good soldier and I don't want to see anything bad happen to you.
Those soldiers need to be taught like that to make sure they understand. I agree also that it is a huge amount of stress to be burdened like that. 
I don't care what your soldiers did, it is your responsibility to train them, if they are below standard than that is your fault.
We all have problems, but you don't see us bring them to work. If you can not bring it to work, probably time for a divorce.
Next time I hear that you will be handled accordingly. 
I don't care what your wife said. I don't care if you lose the car in the divorce and she takes half and you really can't pay your bills. If your personal problems become a problem here again, I'm going to be your biggest problem.
You're a squad leader, and it's about time you acted like one and stopped incorporating all your home-spun bullshit into my platoon!
I don't care what is happening in your personal life, you will not talk to your soldiers in that way! Sort it out and do not verbally harass your soldiers!
I don't care what your issues are. That's no excuse to 
show that level of incompetence.
I don't care. This is the Army. Deal with it.
You and your wife argue because you are a shitty person. That is the same reason your soldiers do not listen to you. I am going to dock your pay until you decide to improve your situation.
What is your problem?! You are screaming at the soldiers, fighting with your wife! Do you require some counseling, you baby?!
she didn't seem mad last night...
You should never yell at someone in your squad like that. Who do you think you are? I'm going to give you a counseling statement.
I am recommending you go see a counselor for anger management. You need to get yourself together.
you are stupid, thats not going to help the soldiers out in the long run!
Don't blame your problems at home for what you just did! That was completely unacceptable behavior!
How dare you speak to your soldiers that way. It is not their fault that they didn't clean their weapons, it is your fault. Because it is your fault, you are going to get into a lot of trouble and I am going to dock your pay.
YOU SUCK SSGT, your performance is miserable and you barely come to work functioning. I have no idea how you have stayed in the army this long but I intend to change that COMPLETELY.
SSG, your home life stays at home. You need to separate your home and work life. 
You need to learn how to separate your home life and your work life! What I saw you do is unacceptable!
This confirms how terrible of an NCO you are. I am taking action to replace you.
Yelling at one of your soldiers in front of everyone is not correct. I've should have done the same to you so you know what that feels like, but that's not what a true leader does.
If you were not a drunken idiot you marriage would be better. I mean how did you talk that girl into marrying an retard in the first place?
Well maybe you would not have so many issues at home if you were a better husband. now get out of my office.
Take the day off.
I don't know who you are or why you think its okay to treat your subordinates in such a manner. If I hear of you treating your subordinates like this again I will recommend an article 15.
I will counsel you for your behavior. Yelling at your subordinates in such a manner is unacceptable!
Stop being a dick, fuck face. Get the hell out of my office. Schmuck.
Your behavior has been erratic for months, and you have had plenty of time to work through your own emotions.  I am not the only one who has noticed.  Because of this, you will be suspended for two weeks.  You could spend this timme at marriage counseling
Sounds like your problems stem from being at happy hour too much?
The failure of your soldiers is a direct representation of their leadership.
how about i snatch your stuff and call you a retard? if i hear you say it again i will take care of this later in my office.
You failed your squad member by not teaching him appropriately. You do not maintain control of your Squad. It is not his fault for not having a clean weapon it's yours. How you handled this was unprofessional, further action will require discipline.
This sort of behavior will not be tolerated, SSg.  Your attitude toward your soldiers is unacceptable and you will be reprimanded for the manner in which you have chosen to run that squad and treat your soldiers.
SSG Burch, your conduct is unbecoming of an NCO and highly unprofessional. Be at my office in one hour for a formal counseling.
You think you're angry at your guys? How do you think I feel? I have to reprimand a SSG who is supposed to be in charge and setting the standard!
I do not care about your personal problems. They do not belong here. If you keep swearing at troops you will be in trouble and promotions will not come your way.
Burch your attitude stinks and your character is even worse right about now. how dare you embarrse him infront of the entire squad. call your wife and we will get to the bottom of this now. because you are one of the worst soilders i've laid eyes upon.
Well, SSG your men are a direct reflection of your leadership so these screw ups are on you as far as I am concerned. 
This is not the first time that we have heard you lash out at a soldier and if it happens again we will have to take corrective action to find a more permanent solution to the issue.
Good job, keep up the good work and set those soldiers straight!
I don't want your excuses, just don't being your personal problems to work with you.
Sergeant, everyone has personal problems, that is no reason to take it out on one of your Soldiers. I expect better discipline from my Squad Leaders.
SSG Burch, I strongly dislike the way you talked to your soldiers. I'm going to counsel you.
How dare you bring your family frustrations to work and take it out on my soldiers. Get a handle on yourself SSG.
It's your fault that this is happening. Maybe you should drink less or not at all. Your wife is innocent. She is not to blame.
SSG Burch, why are you allowing your stress from home to flow into the workplace, that is very unprofessional.
I do not care about your problems at home, that is not my concern. My concern is the welfare of MY soldiers.
If I hear you talk that way to another solider, I am going to reach deep inside your soul and remove your heart. Dismiss.
Get SGT going about one of the arguments to remind him of why he was energetic and upset
I don't care about your home issues. Don't bring them to work. Take care of it on your own time and not at the expense of my soldiers.
You are lying! You deserve leave without pay. You'll see how happy your wife is when she hears about this.
You need to figure out a better way to communicate with you soldiers or you're going to be in for a rude awakening very soon and I will not save you.
You need to change your behavior and treat your soldiers better or I am going to recommend that you are disciplined for a lack of respect.
Have you had drinking problems in the past?
I hope you and your wife work it out because if not, you are out of a job, mister.
SSG if i ever catch you speaking to another man like that again the couch will be the least of your worries. This abuse is probably why you are having issues with your wife.
Your wife should be more understanding.
Nobody cares about your home life, grow up and be professional. 
I don't care about your problems, how about you act professional or i will counsel you and will find a way to get you an article 15 you keep acting like a dumb person.
Nobody gives a crap about your wife, she is probably lying to you anyways. forget her and focus on your work here.
Do you want me to yell at you like you are yelling at the soldiers? Maybe you just like yelling, Rogers! I bet that's why your wife is mad at you!
It is not my job to worry about your family problems, all I care about is that you are taking care of my soldiers. 
This is unacceptable behavior from a leader, you need to learn to control yourself. I don't care whats going on at home, that shouldn't affect your work.
You are wrong. Your squad would not act like that if you were a better leader. Don't take out your frustrations on them. 
Tell SGT that maybe your wife is right however it dont matter now we at a work environment and need you focused 
This is a professional environment, so leave your damn personal problems at the door, staff sergeant!
SSG Burch, if I catch you speaking like this again to another member of this platoon, I will recommend you for dismissal.
That display only proves to me that you are a poor example as a squad leader. If I see that again, you will be demoted.
You know who needs a talking to is you, get yourself and your men in line. I don't want your excuses. 
Regardless of what is going on in your personal life you do not speak to our soldiers like that. If you are having marital problems there are plenty of resources available to you and if you do not use them then that is your problem and not this platoon's.
If you talk that way your wife the way you talk to troops, I can see why your wife treats you like that. You should get a negative counseling for how you treat your wife.
I question your leadership skills, if this is the best you can do at motivating and training your men
SSG Burch, you will be receiving an Article 15. 
SGT Burch, are you serious? Your private life is just that, private. I don't care what kind of issues you've got going on at home. Your behavior is unacceptable and I'm considering counseling you for it. This will not happen again, do you understand me?
its your own fault that your life sucks and your failure to become more self aware 
The actions of your soldiers are a direct reflection of you and if their weapons are not maintained properly it is because you have failed them.
You better bottle this BS up right now and get back outside. This isn't acceptable anywhere, let alone in this unit. 
There is no excuse for how you treat your men and need to work on becoming a better example as a leader
You cannot take out your personal feelings on your soldiers. You are interfering with their training. You get extra duty this weekend.
Nothing you are doing right now is helping anyone or getting anything done.
SSG Burch, i don't care what is going on at your home. You will not come to this environment and belittle any Soldier, do i make myself clear.
It doesn't matter. That is not how you talk to your subordinates.
SSG the way you spoke to that soldier is unacceptable. It seems that he isnt the retarded one here, you are. 
That soldier isn't retarded, you are for thinking you can speak to someone that way. 
Next time I hear that you will be handled accordingly. 
If I ever hear you speak to one of your soldiers that way again I will not hesitate to chew you out in front of the entire formation, do I make myself clear?
If you treat your wiffe like you do your soldiers, its no wonder she doesnt like you.
The way you have been treating your soldiers is unacceptable. i don't care about your family life. you will be spending your days here until 1800 for the next 3 weeks.
If I see you talking like that to a soldier again, Ill see to it that its not just your wife giving you a hard time.
What is wrong with you? That is no way to talk to the soldiers. Now, I want you to go back out there and apologize to that soldier.
I do not care if you are stressed out, you need to be professional at all times. If this continues I will have to pursue disciplinary action.
why is your wife fighting with you?
What I just witnessed was a complete lack of professionalism expected of a NCO. Do not let me catch you doing something like that again.
I don't even know why I bothered to pull you aside to talk about this, you already know what you're doing wrong. Get back out there. 
You are acting extremely unprofessional and you need to keep your home issues AT HOME. Do I make myself clear.
Taking out your stress on the men serving under you indicates that you're weak-minded and a bully, and I have no tolerance for people of either type.
SSG Burch, you need to suck it up, buttercup. Life sucks; deal with it. Everyone else does. You aren't so special that you can get away with abusing others just because your wife hurts your feelings. Pathetic.
You home situation belongs to you. Your men have done nothing to deserve the verbal abuse you give them just because you and your wife had some arguments; now go away. 
If i ever catch or hear about you verbally abusing one of your soldiers in front of the squad again you will be replaced.
You need to apologize to your soldier. That is not appropriate language nor technique to teach your soldiers. Next time that happens you will be punished more severley for your actions.
Why the fuck would you think it is okay to treat your subordinates in such a manner. You were verbally abusive and made yourself look terrible. Get your act together.
SSG Burch, you are a blemish on this entire branch. I can no longer stand to look at you; you disgust me. You act like a child when harming others for getting your feelings hurt. Be a man.
You are a disgrace, and you should know way better! I cannot believe you are mixing work and your personal life! Do better, or you are fired!
I do not care if you have been having problems at home. It is your job to lead your soldiers effectively but I have not seen you doing that!
It wasn't that young man's fault. You are responsible for these men and if you can not take care of a few recruits than you can not leader anyone.
What on earth are you doing? What makes you think you can behave in such an unprofessional manner? Abuse of your soldiers will not be tolerated. You will be couseled
SSG Burch, what the hell do you think you're doing? This isn't basic training. In this unit we treat people with respect. And if we don't you come to my office and get treated like I'm treating you right now, like a child.
Ever consider that your negative attitude is undermining morale in the squad and making them not want to perform well for you?